Hello again.
So let's just get our quick overview about Rops the latest vission other apps available from the Wii
and we're in our hands on love.
If you remember the hand on love is do all line a lot of it have from the VM where that leads you to
test the different software of the VM work.
So when you log into the ropes as it drops that carpet to lock on in our example will be any name that
you give it other very obstinate to the attention that they don't end up when you log in it's asking
for the user and the password.
And when you get inside the ropes after a time of letting the OPs track the data on in that environment
it will give you this overview.
It's not like the ones that we see in the picture but it's almost the same idea.
So it's true.
Complete resource a system that's I mean how much host we have in this.
Now it's three in our example also we use three is my house.
How much virtual machine we have.
It's seven.
How much of that are stored.
It's one.
And so on and so on.
So it shows you the Harolds statue.
It show your art is great.
That's me.
Everything is OK if you have some critical you see the number right there and you will get that suggestion
right.
So does it need to use it in the right environment to start getting it right here.
But as this is just our home lab so everything is work perfectly.
So those not to get any water yet.
So to help state it sure you can tell the water table if you have any problem you see them right there.
They the budget store and give you some reason right there.
Of course you can check the difference halls detected by the ropes.
Then imagery machine.
The State of the difference between what you see right here some information had as it's going to call
this one immediate and this one has warning so up on your virtual hard disk or expand the existing disk
of the virtual machine.
You must first remove Osma before expending an existing disk after completing after completing.
This is our guest OS specific produ to expand the file system on the new or expanded disk.
So it's give you an me that some virtual machine need to expand do a hard disk of the local disk or
dismiss your machine.
So it is his DNA or the virtual machine Webbs 0 1 8.
I'll let one or more virtual machine just my system are running out of disk.
If you remember this example from that picture right there between machine the division and spews.
This one is about disk.
Then the other type virtualization a hybrid is allowed this is a that of the hybrid revisited our super
title.
It's about the capacity and the time then on the hard disk or extent the same one for this one but this
is a bit of warning.
Not at the level of immediate.
This one is overloading.
This one is a little overloading and so on and so on and so of course you get all the details about
her.
For example the store you can store is work perfectly and so on and so on.
We have some overview about the environment how much that we have cluster host virtual machine running
virtual machine and other virtual machine is bolted on part of the Bastar et cetera.
And does it show you all the time or does virtual machine running and our data volume some top 15 virtual
machine experiencing superior concentration.
I mean the virtual machine that's consumed to CPM wants to do with zero to 8 is the one that consume
C.P more than the other one.
The photonics consume less spew then about the virtual machine the database 0 1 8 consume more memory.
Of course the data is always consumed your memory then for the disk.
The DMZ Rwanda web application default on web with Windows then Windows Windows not consume any space
so it is at the lowest of the list.
Some are lower volume Joiada critical to wardman etc. so you need to check those information or read
the content and you will start in distending do different and different option.
So the same about the environment.
The use of the virtual etc..
So there are a lot lot of information.
Of course you can check the other tools for example for the virtual Sandt.